I think that's the only one we've got there.
Now, there has been, I think, a small number of instances in which we have received officially
FBI information, I'm not as a unbearable important.
So, I ask you sir, if I could ask, some weeks ago in this room,
I have some that they said over the radio, I want to notify government employees
that they may bring chama documents to me, and that I will never reveal their name.
Do you remember that sir?
I don't remember saying that, no sir, I can sign it for you.
Don't document? I don't believe he said that, but I believe he said,
my government employees bringing information concerning the life that he's made at the action,
and the executive branch.
In the moment, I will look up the reference and I may have slightly overstated,
but my question to you is this, since those words went out over the radio,
has there been an increase in your intake of information from informants?
Sir, you would have to send them across the way he's received.
I frankly, must admit that I have not been able to keep up to date with the subcommittee work
and the investigation of Communists because all my time has been taken up in connection with the hearing.
So I can't say I just want information and how much of it has come in during the past couple of weeks.
I think it would be of some interest to know whether or not the flow of information from informants has increased
or diminished or stayed constant.
Is there any way to tell us that God discussed that?
The question that's in the country when you have them on the stand, I was getting around with no.
I judge the censor as the dizzy too, but the answer is this, if you come.
If I understand it, and let's see if we can't get this down quite simply,
as I understand it, it's just as simple.
If the FBI turns a top secret document to some government department
and some employee over there sees it gathering dust,
does that imply these things for too long?
You believe they have a perfect right to bring it to the senator or to you?
No, the answer is it's not that simple.
Well, I don't know why you make it difficult for me.
Certainly under certain circumstances.
You believe that person may bring it to the senator.
Mr. Waltz, I'm sorry.
I can't do answer that yesterday.
I can answer this way.
I'm not concerned about the actual bringing of the document,
but I'm concerned about it learning our situations in which
FBI information about Communists and other information about Communists
is being ignored by a government agency which is letting those Communists stay on the job.
Whether that's done in a form of saying, here's a memorandum,
here says, or whether it's in a form of someone coming over and telling us
that there are Communists over here, the FBI and other people have been
well, and they head off about it and no one's doing anything about it.
I don't care much.
Well, a form that's been in the judgment of the government employee of the receiving hands.
The situation in his mind is just as you now describe it.
So it's time then according to you,
trying to make a copy of it and bring it over to the senator or to you.
Not necessarily.
Well, why do you always qualify it?
It's all right to do it, isn't it?
So what I've been trying to say is this.
I think it is perfectly all right.
I think it's just too...
All right, you've answered it.
It's perfectly all right.
That's good enough for me.
Now let me look at the other end of it.
Will you miss your comb?
Is it?
Mr. Chairman, now to just...
Mr. Chairman, may I ask you a question?
I don't know what he was going to say.
Well, he was going to say it was perfectly all right
because that's what he didn't say.
Mr. Chairman, can I ask you what this is?
Including...
No, I...
I am not saying anything.
I think that's it.
I would say, sure, that it is perfectly all right
for the government employee to tell us
like I think it's the duty under the law
to tell this committee about the existence of a situation
in the executive where they're covering up and lack it,
and acting again, coming in it in the executive branch.
I think that much is very clear in everybody's mind.
But the night and most complete way to tell you
is to bring over the FBI documents
during the date on which they received it,
and the information they got, isn't that right?
No, no, sorry.
Well, a beautiful way to do it isn't it?
Well, sir, in the government...
Well, then you can see the date Mr. Cohen
on the document can't do.
Sir, in the government's printing...
How can you answer that?
It's a bring over the document.
You can see the date on which they received it.
Sure.
And you can see the information that is involved.
And you can tell how long the time has been.
Sure.
And you yourself can form some judgment
as to whether the government agency is moving through slowly or not.
Thank you. That would be one question.
So a very nice way to do it,
and I don't see why you have to fence with me.
It's for the employee and the receiving end
when that employee thinks it's gathered enough dust.
It's all right with you.
To get it out and dust it over off and bring it to you.
That's right, isn't it?
Uh, no.
Why do we have so much trouble?
It's on the one...
On the one we were told.
We have told them this to well,
because you're going...
As I know you won't answer.
You're going into a question that's a long one
and a complicated one.
And I'm trying to give you the best answers,
which I cannot.
I can't...
I don't want to sit here and make...
a long answer to these questions on the other hand,
and giving a one-foot worth,
I can't apparently congrade you to the situation as it is.
Let's try it this way.
This one's surely weakening me on.
As to the two-and-a-quarter page document.
What's my camera?
I think it's my...
No, it's not that I'm just...
I'm just trying to give you one to the page document.
It's not Mr. Cole.
We can certainly answer directly, maybe not.
Mr. Cole, the two-and-a-quarter page document,
which the senator had in the room,
asked of that one,
you surely found it was time for the third young man
to bring it all.
Mr. Chairman.
Do you find it funny?
Yes, very important.
I am practically all the community
of both the Democrats and Republicans.
As is this, the rest of the year,
and the press in hoping we could get this investigation into.
Now, the issue is here very clear.
So, there are not Mr. Cohn and my self-Mr. Charag,
there's none due to pressure on the Army.
So, although the Army tried to blackmail us
out of a hearing of communism.
Now, the assessment of documents,
sharing dust, but documents,
should be brought over.
Here's an interesting subject.
And Mr. Walsh may be able to cover on this,
but it's a vast waste of time,
and we've all given our time to Mr. Walsh,
both the explanation.
You may continue, Mr. Walsh.
Now, this is home.
Well, I forgot the last question, Mr. Walsh.
Well, my question was,
when that two-and-a-quarter case document came over,
Mark took the top confidential,
which is the highest FBI marking, is it not?
I think it was the only FBI.
Well, that's top secret, isn't it?
No, sir, it's not.
Well, in any of the other secrets.
Well, you know me, it was just public doubt.
It was confidential.
Now, when that came over,
it was all right with you.
You have the furniture taken, wasn't it?
Well, I wasn't consulted on it, I certainly think.
But it's all right with you.
So, I see anything on it, sir.
That's right.
No, I don't think so.
I don't see why I picked it so long as they have.
Not only asked you about the other areas.
Suppose an employee in the FBI,
that's the odd,
watching on the other areas of the deal,
has seen no action,
and felt that that employee wanted to tell you about it.
Would that two of them all like with you?
No, let me see if I understand that for a while.
Have it read for you, because it's easy on this sir.
Follow me to the question, time off.
Now, let me ask you about the other thing.
Suppose an employee in the FBI watching on these,
other end of the deal,
had seen no action,
and felt that that employee wanted to tell you about it.
Would that two of them all like with you?
Now, let me see if I can find that I am back in.
This is a lot of healing.
No action within the FBI,
or no action on the part of the other areas.
No action on the part of the receiving agencies,
or else, I think in a large number of it,
the certainly FBI would not know
what follow-up action has been taken by the receiving agencies
or the situation would not be within the knowledge of the FBI.
Well, just suppose that you call them that at the FBI end,
there was a disturbed young man who felt no action had been taken.
Would it be all right?
It's either a copy.
I don't think you thought it would go that way, sir,
because I think at the FBI end, they was not known.
Just what follow-up action?
But it's always agents served young men felt
that no action was being taken and thought it could be.
So, what do you accept this?
It's a lot of determinants by your men.
Does that mean that you have to?
No.
I'm telling you, it's a lot of time.
I don't think that anybody in the FBI says no.
Just what follow-up action was taken by the people in the other agency.
I don't think you could have a situation such as you suggest.
But where we find out, like in the government printing office in here,
it's from the receiving agency.
Sejentgen?
Carol Fasten in the front.
Carol, I'm going to pass.
What will be a function that after the document
will move to the sign work going on during the family movement?
All from the military, the official, the focus is sharing this community.
I made a table, so that there may be two opportunities
for the process of revelation regarding the whole.
Senator Farmer, right now, I shouldn't have done that.
I think I would like to say he was advised by the witness as of yesterday morning
that the documents are ready.
And everybody wants to ask questions about them
and they're called to know.
Sure.
There are them.
Well, I want to tell you that there would be a data for our well-known officer,
Matt, but I'm sure for a long time,
he's sharing his means by the no opportunities to see that as a sign of that
is to move it.
In the case of medicine.
We got him ready.
We got him ready for the subject of the call on committee to test the emergency.
A lot should work for the committee to call if the case starts to get him,
so that we'll have an opportunity to see them.
Sure.
Well, all right.
Here, it happens a little bit this time, if I think you'd like to have that.
Maybe it happens a little bit so we can have that opportunity.
I don't know if it's this day.
Any questions?
I want that, but I want to see what's so much of those.
So, they have to talk about the work.
Well, Mr. Hengen, it's just time and so there will be in the end
of the Council and each committee members on a two-way plan.
We have to go to the committee to examine it.
We want those ten of them to take us out.
I don't know why you want them to.
Just go and have to get the big gifty boss.
Notting this room.
I'm sure at this time, right here, it's possible moment.
So we can't get down to the end, like you want to reach out to the end.
No.
We have to wait until the place, then, to go.
Well, what other things.
Well, we have to be aware of it.
We have to wait until the committee can just mark the start and everything to be cancelled.
Well, we are.
Well, there was a long number of the committee and then Mr. Hengen.
I don't know if we're going to have the capacity to be counted.
We have the option to not allow a might office to allow you to.
Unless you take out the title, it's very slightly worth it.
I don't think all the job will move over to the right.
It's time for all the people to raise their mind and they come to the upper region
as many women as they want and his office.
Thank you.
Mr. Hengen.
Good morning, everybody.
I have a way to make one observation for all the purposes of it.
Holding the right to the right with respect to the FBI.
And then I shall have one question of.
The mischermany within the course of a radio panel about two months ago with four or five very
extra-mindedly-fought and perling questions of me for 30 minutes or whatever it was.
I think in a great and very high mention something about a FBI file.
I think that's an innovative mind that one can easily drop into when you're talking about files and one family or another.
And suddenly, I mention FBI files.
Now, the strict fact to the matter is that in nearly 20 years of legislative experience,
I have seen it at home as one of the FBI files.
And that's what Mr. Chairman I was entitled to see because it was a file on a nominee
that had officially come to my attention.
So that if there is any unit bulletins or any erroneous impression that FBI files are sliding around in this government for all the fees,
the file is returned to from Illinois since then I want to call it right now.
Now that's the foundation that the colonizer is for one question, he's defying you now.
From your experience in the department of justice over here to come,
just how available are these files to a two-house government?
Are there great quantities that are stuck here there and everywhere and accessible to literally hundreds of thousands of people?
Or are they in the main modesty number and security world guarded in the face instance
so that when we think about FBI files and their availability to people,
it's not quite as the dimensions that one might think.
No, sir, it's not quite as the dimensions one might think.
I don't think I actually ever saw an FBI file as such.
The only thing you might see is in the government,
would be FBI reports, which would be circulated officially to a certain class of people who are business concerning the monthly action on the basis of those reports,
such as you want to carry two out acting on an automation,
or in the case of government agencies acting on the basis of those reports to get the people named in them,
and giving a royalty hearing or put out or whatever else might be the case.
But they certainly are not in any way floating around and I have never known of any of these.
But the FBI or anyone within the FBI has given a report or any part of it to any unauthorized person.
The general I can conclude this, I should be saying in full justice to the general in here today,
that whatever files come to the committees on which I share,
are available only under an uninclapped rule so that they're pretty careful guarded,
and where it's difficult even in members of the Senate,
other seeing a file even where there may be a presumption that they're in solidarity.
So, like if they conclude by saying that in all of that time,
I have seen exactly one file pertaining to a nominee for a federal position.
We have reached the 7th inning, we'll take our testimony.
I think Senator Dirkton, you brought out a very important point,
and I believe that you may want to correct one thing in fairness to the FBI.
And that is that the FBI, the my knowledge has never permitted an FBI file to the Congress.
They've permitted reports, because Mr. Com pointed out very popular.
So that's the only, and I think you want to record that way because of the FBI file as such,
for good gives, the source of very information and would give details
that they would never release beyond their own agency.
I don't believe they let an FBI file even over the CIA or the atomic energy commission.
I'm not trying to support any case here, but during my four-year service on the Joint Committee on the atomic energy,
we received many reports from the FBI, but never an FBI file.
And then he saw it into the head of a user who worked file and reported rather even changed the way that
I certainly say it's very interesting, but he even changed it into what.
When we talked a lot about files in the committee room, I guess that may have caused some of them.
I think that should be said in fairness to the federal bureau of investigation,
so because they have a new center station.
You have Dr. Ferret and the chairman, and Larry Breef.
We're going to have the presentation.
Yes, sorry for me.
All right, Senator Simon is in that position.
How fat is it, gentlemen?
Senator McCarthy, have you any questions from Mr. Com's defense?
It's not with the vet, but Mr. Watt.
It's a work, you have to admit.
Oh, and I'm going to ask you only one or two questions, and then I have some by Mr. St. Claire.
I'm the family of the day, and I was questioning you about Chimes' work product while he was a camp dick.
You indicated to me that you thought they were deemed a very little in the way of memorandum or perhaps none.
Did your search turn out that way or have you found some?
We took that search from a Northland dress, a report on the annual address of the un-Northland address.
The annual report of the subcommittee, we have for a witness thing dealing with confidential informants and witnesses,
which we have in its upper folder, the names of which we will not.
We will disclose to the committee we will not make public though.
We do have, sir, I believe, some memorandum and intensive files that were discussed by investigated footnists, the shine,
which contains confidential information. They are available to me now.
And the committee we would not want both made public, maybe I give you a short answer.
I will say in the way of memorandum, six stated by him, no.
In the way of no-Sunday address of the annual report prepared by him yet.
Yes, and that's about the limit I assigned.
I correct my deep down from the check.
I am assigned to say that it would give the folder containing the names of the confidential informants to the committee.
May I say that I am a correctional man?
Yes.
Say that to us.
And can the memorandum of the pretendings of the annual report or report their separate and together out in a form?
Yes, sir. So they can be examined by me short after five o'clock.
Choice.
Okay, Mr. Sinclair will ask you.
So, Mr. Colle will be delivered to Mr. Jenkins office.
If they are already, they are already different.
Mr. Colle, the name of the memorandum has been mentioned many times in these hearings.
I don't know whether or not he specifies it, but it is a fact at the time that the memorandum is clear for security reasons was lifted in January of 1950.
Is that correct?
I think so. I understand it's yet I know it was one of General Watten's first acts on becoming commanding General.
It's better to have refused to fill us in here tonight.
And so that he had no clearance at all from January 1952 until today as far as we know.
No, but he was so working out at the Fourth Monument.
Well, actually, he was working and telling that wasn't even on the post at Fourth Monument. Isn't that the fact?
I don't know that.
You don't know that?
No.
Well, you know he was working in a building that wasn't at all garbage.
No, I don't know that.
You didn't know that.
No, sir.
But you are frequently clear that this man had no clearance whatsoever from January 1952 on.
Ah, yes.
And you know that the act of which he had been fired, the 30-minute, several years fired, and the secretary of Siemens was ministrating the Army, so you know.
But the act has been committed yet.
Certainly most of them had there.
I'm just wondering whether they were one thing that had occurred.
So I would say that they had a occurred prior to Siemens's ministry.
And several years fired of that.
Yes, the most recent thing which I recall is the interview we had with the FBI in which he admitted to the FBI.
It's not been truthful to the FBI.
And when was that?
Stop, I think, was 51 or 52 in a WISDV4 with the Siemens administration.
You would be right.
That's correct.
Mr. Siemens took office in Section 2 of the Army, I believe, in February of 1963.
Yes, sir.
Now I'd like to talk with you, Mr. Kohl, and a little bit about the Fourth Moments investigation.
This is quite a complicated subject.
This is not.
Yes, sir.
You stated, I believe, that your preliminary investigation
started in early spring of 1953.
Where does that originate?
And that, as I believe, your first hearings were actually held,
commenting October 8, 1953.
Are you throwing a distinction between Fort Monmouth, specifically, in the Army's signal course?
Well, we'll get to that in a moment.
But the first hearings at Fort Monmouth were in October 8, 1953.
Is that right?
I would say yes.
On August 30th, you held a hearing in which involved an employee of the signal course, that's correct.
Yes.
That employee was employed in the Guardian, Long Island in New York.
What is his security, sir?
That's correct.
Long Island in New York.
That's the signal call for the graphic club.
That's correct.
Now, as I understand it, Mr. Kohl, you, in substance faith,
that since we interrogated a guard at an installation of the signal course in Long Island New York,
we are responsible for all the sentences that were made by the Army's following that date.
Is that correct?
No.
Certainly, if the Army signal call in California had suspended any security risk,
you would not plan credits for those, would you?
I know of no instance in which we should have been.
Your answer to the question would you?
Would we claim credits for those?
Yes.
No, sir.
They're all about to call in California.
They're going to investigate it.
I'm sorry.
You were directly saying, unless we had an I know of no situation in California involving the Army signal call,
which we had investigated.
No.
Well, in so far as the Army was concerned, and in so far as you know,
the Army didn't know about the sport-moneless investigation until early in October.
That's correct.
No, that's wrong, sir.
They didn't know.
Are you sure of that?
I'm positive.
When do you think that was very serious?
You first learned of the impending sport-moneless investigation?
Well, I know that he knew it as a substance exchange.
Are you sure of that?
I'm dead positive.
You had a conference with him, Mr. Colvin, on October 22nd in his office.
Did you not?
Yes, sir.
What was the subject matter of that conference?
There were two or three things discussed, uh,
the thing dealing with sport-moneless, which I assume you want me to talk about Mr. Tankware, was this?
We had a...
Well, my question at the moment is simply what was the subject matter of the discussion?
If you could go on beyond that, if you cared it, but it's not right.
I was afraid that I asked for a Fourth Amendment, uh, General Parkridge,
Communist Literature and personnel in all the intelligence, uh, Dave Shines.
Well, the memorandum of that day, which Mr. Frank Tarr is then to have written,
is pretty much however to the fact that you meant the Secretary of State to discuss
General Lawson's Fourth Amendment, and it's locked out order, isn't that correct?
Yes, sir.
You wonder what it is?
And isn't it true, sir, that the principal subject of stuff at this conference on October 2nd was Fourth Monument?
Uh, I think you're right.
Thank you, sir.
That's right. Now, this was a conference that was made as a result of a report appointment by you, is that correct?
Yes, sir.
And we had some telephone conversations about that yesterday, didn't we?
And I call your attention to the transcript of a telephone conversation on the 25th of September 1953.
I don't know whether you have copies of these or not, but I assure you I will endeavor to read the matter.
I'm sure you will.
If I'm only going to read a portion of it, then I think it's material, perhaps others would differ,
but I'm sure that I'll be fair enough about it.
In part of that conversation, it's telling you sad, you know,
you said in fact there is a new situation involving a part of your thing that I will tell you about when I see you that looks pretty bad.
I know they are trying to cover up, so you won't even know about it.
Now in all fairness, let's call that new thing was the Fourth Monument investigation.
No, sir. It was not.
You did say that you would talk with him about it when you saw him.
I just...
Now I'm the 30th day of September.
Again, I will read to you, sir, a portion of the transcript of that telephone call.
Mr. Com, two things. Number one, that thing I told you about,
I will probably be ready to tell you about him a day or so.
It is a pretty big situation.
I will check the final word on it tonight.
Again, Mr. Com, at all fairness, what you were talking about at that time was Fourth Monument investigation.
Is it not?
A scientific statement. It was not the fact that we were investigating Fourth Monument, Mr. Stevens knew that.
It was an aspect of that investigation.
Well, you say, Mr. Stevens knew that, Mr. Com, but I'll read to you again a portion of your telephone conversation with him.
I will probably be ready to tell you about it in a day or so.
And this was September 30, wasn't not Mr. Com.
Then, I think I'll summarize the rest of it.
You asked for an appointment.
And then in substance you said, is Friday a good day?
Why don't I call you tomorrow and make an appointment for Friday?
You see, tonight, there's other things just crystallize.
And I possibly should get an accumulation of things to talk to you about.
And as a result of that, you had a conference on Friday with the Secretary,
which is October the 2nd, in which you decide to support Monument's situation. Isn't that right?
That's right.
Now, do you still say, Mr. Com, that you told Secretary Stevens for the first time,
as early as September 16 that you were going in the fort month?
It might have been before that. I know that we talked about it on September 16.
But you were pretty vague about it, and we're not glad to talk much on the phone on September 30.
It's not about your time, it's just expired with two minutes.
Let's think over, we're talking about two different things.
Well, I thought, Mr. Stevens, on the 16th and it might have been before that,
we had to cut the fort month's investigation with Mr. Stevens.
What I was talking about, all the time, what I thought from the bottom of my person,
was a specific situation which had developed in the course of that investigation,
on which I thought he felt I hoped he was going to take some action, which he did.
Mr. Jenkins, great.
Chairman.
Chair, we'll just find it here in ten minutes to distribute to the press now, Mr. Beckley.
The investigation has arrived, and the young man takes them for the radio.
I was committee member, it hasn't, Mr. Wolf hasn't, Mr. McCarthy has one,
Chair, I'll say, enough copies for our absentee members, and you may proceed with this.
You can do that as far as possible, we'll continue that on with the hearing.
There's Mr. Robert Scott, and the radio and television gallery,
and they're all back to you at the Senate press conference.
One other question, I believe, is this time.
Mr. Coombs, where there's statements published, and certainly some statements
that were made around nearby numbers of the press, I believe, that they are seen
both two and a third page documents.
Did you release this to the press?
No.
You don't have it, got it?
How many copies of it did you have in your file?
I think there was just one, I think, after that sound, it was probably a additional copies of the magazine.
I know he gave one of somebody, I'm Mr. Jenkins, and I don't know how many were made after that.
The magazine will make some of the parts of those that are just this yet.
It will have to come from those original documents in the view of the magazine.
I don't know, I know, I know, I know, in any other way, that's not known, I don't know where they got.
I think they did.
Open back one of the majors of just enough security information, just up to the public.
Why don't I get a picture?
You don't think that's anything?
I know, you don't think that the system's been made to go out to the public, I'll say this.
There's nothing in this particular document by the paper of it.
So I don't know what it is, but it's comfortable, I don't know.
I don't think there's anything in that part of it, but we, I couldn't go out to the public,
so I don't know where they're going to go.
We certainly did not really want to know about that.
Now, you don't know about it?
You haven't heard about it, you're in the end of the course.
Any members of the course?
I think you read that article.
I think they're worth it, they're touching here, I think, kind of the timing to spend the time in the jacket.
You don't know about what they thought, I'm not...
you